I'm a little fuzzy on just where your point of confusion is, but I'll take a stab at it to see if I can address it.  It might help if  you felt you could clarify your question a little.  Anyway, the goal of QBC is to make teaching (math, science, and even other topics) easier for both the teacher and the student.  The key is how it uses the Variable struct to make the questions dynamic.  You've read the example I put in the Readme.  Each Variable is teacher-created and tailored to the topics the student is studying.  The content field of the Variable struct is the dynamic part.  The value contained in that field always has a random side.  If the Variable is a String or Character, it will always be randomly chosen from a list that is also user-created.  If it is numeric, then it will either be randomly calculated within user-specified limits (limits contained in the Variable struct) or, like Strings and Characters, randomly chosen from a user-created list.  Thus, as in the example in the Readme, every word, number, or character of the question can be generated as a Variable, thus giving the teacher and student an infinite variety of problems to practice/test on.  

So, the Variable struct is what makes it all work.  The Question struct contains the actual text of the problem with the user-designated Variables inserted.  When a teacher is creating a Question and inserts a Variable into the text, that Variable is then pushed onto the `pub var_vec: Vec<Variable>` vector of the Question struct.  When the need arises to recalculate the values of a Question's Variables, each variable in the vector will be accessed, the content field modified (randomly as mentioned above) and then re-saved.  (Just so you know, the 'recalculation' feature hasn't yet been implemented.)  

Questions, of course, will tend to be similarly themed, even if only by the exercise set or chapter of a textbook that is being used.  Those similar questions are gathered into Banks.  The Bank struct contains the `pub question_vec: Vec<Question>` field.  When a Question is finished it is pushed onto that vector and then saved when the Bank is saved.


